Clarify how to get zone id for ovh_domain_zone_record import (#348)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/ovh_domain_zone_record.html.markdown

* `ttl` - The TTL of the record

## Import

> In order to import in terraform an existing zone record, you will need its _{id}_ which can be retrieved by using [OVH API portal](https://api.ovh.com/console/#/domain/zone/%7BzoneName%7D/record~GET)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVHcloud domain zone record can be imported using its `ids`, which can be retrieved by using `domain_zone` datasource, and the `zone`, separated by "." E.g.,
```

Reviewer: We try to keep consistency with other documentation pages and use existing resources or datasources when it's possible :)

> In order to import in terraform an existing zone record, you will need its _{id}_ which can be retrieved by using [OVH API portal](https://api.ovh.com/console/#/domain/zone/%7BzoneName%7D/record~GET)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVHcloud domain zone record can be imported using the `id`, which can be retrieved by using [OVH API portal](https://api.ovh.com/console/#/domain/zone/%7BzoneName%7D/record~GET), and the `zone`, separated by "." E.g.,
```

```bash

> $ terraform import ovh_domain_zone_record.test {id}.{zone}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ terraform import ovh_domain_zone_record.test id.zone
```

Reviewer: If we want to use `{}`format for input fields in import command, it should be useful to change it in every documentation pages :)

> $ terraform import ovh_domain_zone_record.test {id}.{zone}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ terraform import ovh_domain_zone_record.test id.zone
```

If you want to use `{}` instead, it should be useful to edit all the existing documentation pages in order to be homogeneous accross the pages :)
